README.md, before:

# React Portfolio

## Module 20: React

Created a React.js portfolio to serve as a sample of my development ability for future employers, clients, or teammates, as well as act as a contact point for any interested parties to get in touch. The portfolio showcases React skill in the construction of the portfolio app itself, as well as showing past projects that use additional technologies. 

---

## Table of Contents:

[Areas Covered](#areas-covered)

[Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)

[Tech Stack](#tech-stack)

[About the author](#about-the-author)

[Screenshots of app](#screenshots-of-app)

---

## Areas Covered:
* Created a React.js app
* Added a navigation bar with tabs for each page
* Incorporated emailjs to capture contact messages and send them to my personal email
* Added link icons to the footer
* Created project card design and mapped through an array of project info to generate a card for each project
* Created functionality to download a copy of my resume an button click so that visitors are able to save my resume if desired
* Deployed the React app to GitHub pages

---

## Usage Instructions:
* Navigate to the portfolio using the deploy link
* Check out the 'about me', 'portfolio', 'contact', and 'resume' pages
* Check out the deployment or GitHub repo for all the projects listed
* Send me a message through the contact form
* Check out my GitHub or LinkedIn with the icon links in the footer
* Setup and interview if you like what you see

---

## Tech Stack:
* React.js
* JavaScript
* Node.js
* Emailjs
* Express
* React-Bootstrap
* GH-Pages

---

## About the author:

My name is Kent Shaffer and I am a recent graduate of UCSD's full stack web development bootcamp. Prior to starting the program I had zero code experience, so it feels I've been drinking in new information through a fire hose, but I have been loving learning, and I'm excited about all the possibilities that live within the scope of the technologies I have been learning.

If you have any questions, or would like to get in contact, I can be reached at kentshaff@gmail.com 

---

## Screenshots of app: 


![screenshot of about me page](/src/Images/about-me-page.png)

---

![screenshot of project page and project cards](/src/Images/projects-page.png)

---

![screenshot of contact page and message submit form](/src/Images/contact-page.png)

---

![screenshot of resume page and resume download button](/src/Images/resume-page.png)

Commit message:

added deployment link to readme

README.md, after:

# React Portfolio

## Module 20: React

Created a React.js portfolio to serve as a sample of my development ability for future employers, clients, or teammates, as well as act as a contact point for any interested parties to get in touch. The portfolio showcases React skill in the construction of the portfolio app itself, as well as showing past projects that use additional technologies. 

---

## Table of Contents:

[Areas Covered](#areas-covered)

[Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)

[Tech Stack](#tech-stack)

[About the author](#about-the-author)

[Link to deployed app](#link-to-deployed-app)

[Screenshots of app](#screenshots-of-app)

---

## Areas Covered:
* Created a React.js app
* Added a navigation bar with tabs for each page
* Incorporated emailjs to capture contact messages and send them to my personal email
* Added link icons to the footer
* Created project card design and mapped through an array of project info to generate a card for each project
* Created functionality to download a copy of my resume an button click so that visitors are able to save my resume if desired
* Deployed the React app to GitHub pages

---

## Usage Instructions:
* Navigate to the portfolio using the deploy link
* Check out the 'about me', 'portfolio', 'contact', and 'resume' pages
* Check out the deployment or GitHub repo for all the projects listed
* Send me a message through the contact form
* Check out my GitHub or LinkedIn with the icon links in the footer
* Setup and interview if you like what you see

---

## Tech Stack:
* React.js
* JavaScript
* Node.js
* Emailjs
* Express
* React-Bootstrap
* GH-Pages

---

## About the author:

My name is Kent Shaffer and I am a recent graduate of UCSD's full stack web development bootcamp. Prior to starting the program I had zero code experience, so it feels I've been drinking in new information through a fire hose, but I have been loving learning, and I'm excited about all the possibilities that live within the scope of the technologies I have been learning.

If you have any questions, or would like to get in contact, I can be reached at kentshaff@gmail.com 

---

## Link to deployed app: 
(https://kentshaffer.github.io/react_portfolio/)

---

## Screenshots of app: 


![screenshot of about me page](/src/Images/about-me-page.png)

---

![screenshot of project page and project cards](/src/Images/projects-page.png)

---

![screenshot of contact page and message submit form](/src/Images/contact-page.png)

---

![screenshot of resume page and resume download button](/src/Images/resume-page.png)
